c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\OpenSpotify.exe.config
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\OpenSpotify.exe
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\OpenSpotify.pdb
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.baml
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.g.cs
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.g.resources
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.exe
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.pdb
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.dll
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.pdb
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.xml
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\DownloadView.g.cs
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsView.g.cs
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\DownloadView.baml
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsView.baml
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\HomeView.g.cs
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\HomeView.baml
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\libvideo.dll
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.dll
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.dll
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.pdb
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.xml
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.pdb
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.xml
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Valon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsView.baml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\MusicPlayerView.g.cs
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\DownloadView.g.cs
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\HomeView.g.cs
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\MusicView.g.cs
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsView.g.cs
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify_Content.g.cs
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.baml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.g.cs
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\OpenSpotify.exe.config
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\OpenSpotify.exe
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\OpenSpotify.pdb
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.dll
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.dll
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.dll
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.pdb
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.xml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.pdb
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.xml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.pdb
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.xml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.pdb
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.xml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\ResourceDictionary.baml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\MusicPlayerView.baml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\DownloadView.baml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\HomeView.baml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\MusicView.baml
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.g.resources
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.exe
D:\Development\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.pdb
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsView.baml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\DownloadView.g.cs
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\SpotifyView.g.cs
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.g.cs
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\MusicView.g.cs
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsView.g.cs
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\YouTubeView.g.cs
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify_Content.g.cs
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.exe
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.pdb
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\OpenSpotify.exe.config
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\OpenSpotify.exe
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\OpenSpotify.pdb
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\CalcBinding.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\DynamicExpresso.Core.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\DynamicExpresso.Core.xml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.pdb
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.xml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.xml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.xml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.pdb
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.xml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\App.baml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\ResourceDictionary.baml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\DownloadView.baml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\SpotifyView.baml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.baml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\MusicView.baml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\YouTubeView.baml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.g.resources
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\HomeView.g.cs
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\HomeView.baml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\Controls\CustomButton.baml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\Controls\CustomButton.g.cs
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\Controls\DownloadViewCell.g.cs
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\Controls\ItemViewCell.g.cs
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\Controls\MusicPlayerView.g.cs
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\Controls\DownloadViewCell.baml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\Controls\ItemViewCell.baml
E:\_Development\_Desktop\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\Controls\MusicPlayerView.baml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\OpenSpotify.exe.config
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\OpenSpotify.exe
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\OpenSpotify.pdb
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\CalcBinding.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\DynamicExpresso.Core.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\DynamicExpresso.Core.xml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.pdb
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.xml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.xml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.xml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.xml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\Controls\CustomButton.baml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\HomeView.baml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\Controls\CustomButton.g.cs
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\Controls\DownloadViewCell.g.cs
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\Controls\ItemViewCell.g.cs
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\Controls\MusicPlayerView.g.cs
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\DownloadView.g.cs
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\HomeView.g.cs
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\SpotifyView.g.cs
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.g.cs
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\MusicView.g.cs
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsView.g.cs
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\YouTubeView.g.cs
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify_Content.g.cs
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\ResourceDictionary.baml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\Controls\DownloadViewCell.baml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\Controls\ItemViewCell.baml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\Custom\Controls\MusicPlayerView.baml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\DownloadView.baml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\SpotifyView.baml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.baml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\MusicView.baml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsView.baml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\YouTubeView.baml
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.g.resources
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.exe
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.pdb
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\AboutView.g.cs
D:\_Development\_Privat\_OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\AboutView.baml
